What, is Brother Jun dead?
Why do you feel sorry for your lover?
You're going too far.
This is what you forced me to do
I knew this stinky bitch was restless
Luna will be taught by me in the future
You should be relieved now
What are you doing? I have something else to tell you.
Now the company is seriously short of staff
Several agents in the mainland cannot be contacted.
Come on, what's your idea?
It seems that you don't know much about your beloved concubine
Before your Luna arrives
But an Internet celebrity with millions of followers?
You mean push Luna out as a handrail?
how
reluctant
play
Just happy
My partner hates you